Now before moving on and seeing the transition from one element to another, let me conclude this first
basic introduction here by showing you that name here doesn't have to be static,
you don't have to hardcode it here.
Indeed
let me add a line break here and add a select up here, the select control
and I want to head, have an option to switch between the fade and the slide animation so that we
can choose this.
Now we already learned how to get this value with v-model and I want to bind it to a property here
which I will name alert animation, now alert
animation by default here
shall be let's say fade.
Now with that, I can now bind here to alert animation with v-model and this will set this depending
on what I choose here in my dropdown, for this to work though I will need to set up my values here,
so to fade and to slide,
these will be the values this property then takes in the end.
And now I can bind name here dynamically by exchanging name like an attribute with as we learned it,
attribute binding with a colon in front of it.
Now this will make this property here being bound dynamically and of course here, you then enter the
property name which has the value you want to bind dynamically,
that's the idea behind dynamic binding, right we learned that.
Now with that, let me just add another line break and add the form control bootstrap class here to make
it pretty and if I reload this, you see now fade is selected, hence the first alert fades in
and out
but I can switch this to slide
and now it slides in and out.
Though we see the issue here we fix before by specifying what should toggle the way this transition
works,
so the type here is set to animation down there for the one slide animation while we don't set it here
where we dynamically set this to slide. So we could also set type dynamically therefore with type,
you can bind all attributes like this in the end but for now, I will leave it like this
because the key thing is that you understand that you can bind these properties, these attributes
set up here,
the same is true of course for these classes here,
you can bind them dynamically by adding a colon in the beginning.
You use them like normal html attributes,
this is the important thing I want you to take away here.